HETTY:
It's time we finally discuss
our little Christmas dalliance.
[flirtatiously]:Yeah.
I was... thinking
about that, too.
It can never happen again.
And it is imperative
that not another soul
ever find out.
I mean, it would be...
just humiliating.
Right.
Well, just so you know,
I also thought it
was a huge mistake.
Maybe even a bigger
mistake than you did.
Although...
sitting across from you now,
no one else around,
I do find myself thinking
perhaps we could succumb to...
one final act of passion.
Really?
No, not really.
I was joking!
Wasn't turned on at all.
My friend,
that lie would be
a lot easier to sell
with some pants on.
That's involuntary!
Don't read into it!
Damn you.
♪ ♪
Who are all these colorfully
dressed middle-aged people?
They're guests.
It's a big weekend up here.
The Ulster County
Jam Fest.
Celebrating local jams
and well-known jam bands.
What's a jam band?
They play long
improvisational grooves.
Which are really good
if you're on acid.
What if you're not on acid?
No idea.
Babe,
Freddie overhauled the
entire booking system.
This guy is a computer whiz.
Aw, I just did some
simple back-end coding.
Basically, the website now
stops accepting reservations
once we've
reached capacity.
Oh, that's so smart!
Yeah. And he installed
a security cam
to keep an eye on
employees at the front desk.
But you're our only employee.
Yeah. Well, I got
to keep myself honest.
This guy!
[chuckles]
Security camera?
That's creepy. I don't
want to be watched.
Flower, you're invisible.
FLOWER: Oh, yeah. That
would've come in handy
when I robbed that bank.
Did I ever tell
you about that?Yeah.
Freddie, I can't tell you
how much we appreciate
all the work
you've been doing.
I honestly don't know how
we ever got along without you.
Don't compliment
the help.
In order to perform
at their best,
they must be kept
hungry and afraid.
I'm just so happy to
be part of the team.
Frankly, I think my girlfriend's
getting a little sick of hearing
how much I love this job.
Oh! How long have
you guys been dating?
Now you're asking
about his personal life?
He'll think you care about him.
That's not the message
you want to send.
Uh, we've been together
for a couple years now.
We did the whole
long-distance thing
until I moved back
from the city.
And leave itat that.
No follow-up
necessary.And how's that going?
Oh, now you're just purposely
trying to antagonize me.
[scoffing laugh]
SASAPPIS:
Okay, favorite savory smell.
[gasps] Easy.
French fries.
Oh, man, you're so lucky you've
gotten to eat all this stuff.
Yeah.What were French fries like?
Salty, crispy,
totally delicious.
Wow.I used to get them
every night after bar close.
I'd just take off my heels and
walk through the drive-through.
Mm, everyone hated that.
You are so cool.
Stop it.
[chuckles][laughs]
What's your
favorite sweet smell?
Uh...
you smell pretty sweet.
[clicks tongue]
You're bad.
[both chuckle]
♪ ♪
[door opens]
[sighs]I guess Freddie's
done for the day.
[engine starts]Yeah, this is
one of the downsides
to being a car ghost,
is that I'm sort of
at the mercy of his schedule.
[singing along to radio]:
♪ Heard it from a friend who ♪
And his playlists!♪ Heard it from
a friend who ♪
♪ Heard it from another
you'd been messin' around ♪
Yes, let's pick this up
tomorrow?
Yeah.
♪ They say you got a boyfriend ♪[groans]
[crows cawing]
SAMANTHA:
Seriously? Every time?
Yep.That's ridiculous.
What's going on?
Freddie's complaining
that his girlfriend
doesn't refill the Brita
when she puts it back
in the refrigerator.
Ah. What's
a Brita?
It's a pitcher
that filters water.
[scoffs] Modernity's obsession
with clean drinking water.
What's everybody
so afraid of?
I don't know,
dysentery?
[chuckles]:
Oh. Right.
Yes, the thing
that killed me. Sure, sure.
Would you like my advice about
the whole Brita situation?
Yeah, I'd love that.
Samantha, a word, if I may?
And I will give it to you
in just a minute.
I'm gonna make a snack.
I'm suddenly famished.
Ooh, I'll whip
something up for ya.
I know you don't want me
treating the assistant
with basic human decency,
but I just disagree.
Samantha, when it comes to
handling household staff,
I know of what I speak.
So you must trust
me when I tell you
that nothing good can come
from getting enmeshed
in this young man's
personal affairs.
Hetty, things have changed
since your day.
People want an employer
who cares about them.
Okay, I didn't want to have to
do this, but I'm forbidding you
from delving deeper into
Freddie's personal life.
There! You're
forbidden.
Boy, she is bossy.
She can be a taskmaster.
What?Nothing.
All right.
Just a quick cheese plate
with crackers,
apples and honeycomb.
My God, he was gone
for 20 seconds.
Now, what were you thinking
about how I should handle
this whole
Brita situation?
Well...
Bzz.
I was thinking...
Don't you do it, young lady.
...that you shouldn't
just ignore it.
If something is bothering you,
you should be able
to talk to your partner
about it.
That is it.
Your inheritance
is going to your cousin.
What are you
talking about?
I really don't know!
It's so hard to discipline
from beyond the grave.
So, how is it going
with landship ghost?
You two spending
much time together.
Yeah, give us
the scoop, Sass.
Okay, it's not a big deal,
but we kind of... kissed.
[gasps] Not a big deal?
That's huge!
Especially for you.
I mean, you marked a tree
when a girl said hi to you.
What are you gonna do now,
write a rock opera?
Okay, it's totally
a big deal.
Oh, she's really cool.
And she has all
these great stories
from living life
on the road.
I loved my days on the road.
Back when I was on tour.
Ooh, a new city every night.
Made it pretty easy
to see different guys,
if you know what I mean.
[laughing]
No. What do you mean?
I'm just saying, they didn't
have to know about each other.
The road is freedom.
Do you think
Jessica could be
hooking up with
different ghosts?
Oops.
I hadn't even
thought about that.
Oh, my God. I mean...
yeah, she's parked every night
outside Freddie's apartment.
And who knows what could be
going on over there and...
Well, one good thing is
she has so many opportunities
for sexual fulfillment.
All the responsibility
won't just fall to you.
[sighs]
Yeah, I'm not sure
that's helping, girl.
JAY:
Sam, I need some help out here.
That's for the cab, yeah.
Yes, sir. I'll have to
call you back. Thank you.
Where's Freddie?I don't know.
Oh, I assumed
you were together,
braiding
one another's hair.[door closes]
Sorry I'm late,
didn't get a lot of sleep
last night.
He looks like Hamilton
after a night at the whorehouse.
Which he frequented.
[chuckling] No songs
in the musical about that.
Everything all right?FREDDIE:
Not really.
I talked to Beth
about the Brita thing,
like you said to.
She didn't take it very well.
Seems like it's heading in
an unfortunate
direction for you.
It escalated into this
huge fight, and then...
she broke up with me.
Oh, no, Freddie.
I'm so sorry.
So he lost the
love of his life.
The important thing is his
employer cares about him.
[phone ringing]I got it.
No! Let me.
[clears throat]
Woodstone B and B.
How may I help you?
[voice trembling]:
Reservation for Valentine's Day?
And you sure you want to book
that far in advance?
This isn't good.
FREDDIE:
Because sometimes,
you think
your relationship is perfect,
but then your
girlfriend dumps you
and takes the Brita...
and now you're alone
and now your water tastes weird.
[sniffles] Excuse me.
Babe, I think
you broke Freddie.
JESSICA:
In retrospect, yeah,
probably should've
taken a cab
to the bottomless
mimosa brunch.
Yeah.
Well, you live
and you learn, right?
Or, I guess just... learn.
Hey, so... Freddie's place.
What's that like?
What?You know, where you're
parked every night.
All night.
Is it fun?
Any cool ghosts
live there?
Yeah, it's okay.
It's mostly just me
and this guy, Roger.
Oh, yeah?
What's, uh, Roger like?
Super old,
die of natural causes?
No, he was a leatherhead
football player,
back in the day.
Died running
into a goalpost.Oh...
And he's just
absolutely ripped.
Oh, that's...Yeah.
...cool.
He's really funny, too.
He said this thing
to me the other day.
He was all like...
[chuckles]
[laughs nervously][laughing]
I can't, I-I don't know.
You just had to be there.
Right, right, right, but...
but I'm not there.
I'm here.
Uh. So he's big and funny, huh?
Mm-hmm.
But also sensitive.
And oddly smart,
which is surprising, you know,
for someone who played
football and modeled.
We have a hamster together.
I mean, what happens to Bubbles?
Freddie, if you don't feel up
to working today, it's okay.
We understand.
Yes, reward
this poor showing.
That'll set him straight.
Here, have a glass of water.
It'll make you feel better.
I fear water may be
a sore subject.
Oh, God, if only we'd drank tap
none of this
would have happened.
Okay, we need eyes
on this Beth chick.
I mean, he's really sad,
so there's a chance
she's super hot.
I think I just need
to be alone for a bit.
Indeed, and we'll go
watch you wallow.
He's gonna pull up pictures,
I know it.
Well, this is exactly what
I was afraid would happen.
You have now ruined
your employee.
I think you're being
a little dramatic.
I'm just worried
about Bubbles.
He's living
in a broken home, now.
He's a hamster of divorce.
Samantha,
you made a mistake
by treating Freddie
with basic human decency.
But you needn't compound it
by continuing to do so.
His girlfriend just dumped him.
It doesn't matter if
his girlfriend dumped him
or his right arm was torn off
in an iron foundry.
You need to tell him
to stop whining
and put that stump to work.
That sounded like
a disturbingly real example.
I'm done listening to this.
[chuckles sarcastically]
He couldn't handle
a simple phone call,
and that's not
that difficult.
I've done it.They had phones
back in your day?
[sighs] Not many.
In fact, we had
the only one for 300 miles.
We had no one to call,
but we had bragging rights.
Oh, the letters I would send
boasting about our telephone.
♪ ♪
I need you.
Well, look who comes
crawling back...
Not like that.
I need you to do
something for me
on Samantha's computer.
Her assistant has become
a blubbering liability,
and she refuses to do
anything about it.
Okay.
So, what do we do?
We intervene.
And create a scenario
so egregious
she has no choice but to become
the boss she needs to be
and come down on him
once and for all.
You were a really
tough boss, weren't you?
I could be hard on a man
when they needed it.
Okay, right there.
I feel like you're
trying to be provocative.
Oh, stop reading
into everything,
you dirty little boy.
Okay, come on!
That time for sure.
So now Freddie's
girlfriend kicked him out
and he's living
at his mom's house.
Oh, so that means you won't
get to see your buddy,
the football model,anymore.
Unless they get
back together, yeah.
That is tough.
It's okay, though.
There is this one other
really cool ghost
that haunts the mom's house,
so that's nice.
Oh, neat.
Uh, what's her name?
His name is Chad.
And he also died
in a car-related incident.
He was doing a charity
car wash for his firehouse.
And then he got hit by
a driver who got distracted
by his washboard abs.
Oh, come on!
Wait, what's going on here?
Are you jealous?
What? No!
Why? Should I be?
Is there something going on?
Okay, you know, I really
don't like this side of you.
Freddie and I have been
listening to podcasts
about toxic relationships
and I'm starting
to see some signs.
Well, what do you expect?
You're hanging out with
model football players
and guys so hot people are
mowing them down.
You're out there on the road,
living that road life.
What?I know about road life.
Okay?
I know all about it.
I'd like you to
leave my RAV4.
Oh, I'm going.
[sighs]
I can't believe how packed
we are this week.I know, right?
Full capacity.
I never thought
we'd see the day.
Hey, just checking in.
It should be under Kubena.
Here we go.
Uh, there must be
some sort of some mistake.
We're fully booked
this weekend.
Oh, no, absolutely not.
We have a confirmation.
All thanks to your
magic fingers, Trevor.
Not the first time
you've said that.You shut up.
Ah. Here it is.
Oh, I see.
Oh, okay.
Well, we'll clear
that right up.
Um, where's Freddie?
He's in the library,
making a collage
out of construction paper
and photographs to give to Beth.
A surefire way
to win her back.
Good move, kid.
Freddie! [chuckles]
Yes?
Uh, there seems to be
a little issue
with the reservation system.
We may have
double-booked a room.
Um, that's not possible.
HETTY:
Oh, did someone make
a critical error
whilst in the midst of
an emotional breakdown?
We havea reservation.
Hey-hey, friends.
Take it easy.
This weekend is about
good jams and good jams
and good vibes.
It says here we have
the Maple Suite for two nights.
What the hell?
That's my room.
You calling my wife a liar?
Hi, I'm checking in.
I have a reservation
for the Maple Suite.
Get in line, dude!
This is like how people fought
over toilets at Woodstock.
Everyone loves sharing
until they have to poop.
FREDDIE:The system isn't
supposed to allow this.
It's taking on
a mind of its own,
like Joshua in WarGames.
[chuckles] Freddie,
you got to stop
saying things
that make me like you
'cause I'm starting
to get annoyed right now.
I don't know
how this happened!
HETTY:
Samantha, he's making
a fool of you
and ruining your business.
We demand a room right now.
I want to shower and nap
before String Cheese Incident.
Okay, I'm so sorry.
Uh, we have a new employee
and there seems to be
some sort of mix-up.
Every place within 30 miles
of here is booked.
My mom has a spare bedroom.
They don't want to stay
at your mom's place, Freddie.
It has a Murphy bed.I don't care.
Yes, that's it, feel the anger
coursing through you.
Why are you getting mad at me?
This isn't my fault.
Well, then, whose fault is it?
Well, since Beth
broke up with me--
Oh, get over it, Freddie.
Things happen in people's lives.
Finish him.
I didn't tell you this,
but she took the hamster.
She got Bubbles.Oh, my God.
Buy another hamster.
They're all the same.
[chuckles] He was
a really special rodent.
That's not our problem.
You messed up the whole
reservation system.
I thought you were
a nice boss.
And I thought you were
a good employee.
You're right.
I am a bad employee.
Ooh, Freddie, no.I don't deserve
to work here.
I quit.
Oh, that was better
than cocaine.
You yelled at Freddie
and he quit?
Sasappis, do not guilt Samantha.
She did the right thing.
My girlfriend lives in his car.
Yeah, she live in landship.
He just said car.
You can't repeat "car"?
It's like you don't
want to learn.
Thor don't like your hat.[gasps]
I'm sorry, Sass.
I liked Freddie, but he made
a really big mistake.
This is so unfair.
You guys are the worst Livings.
[groaning]
I wish I could slam a door!
That's interesting.What is?
Well, I can see when
changes were made
to the reservation system
and someone changed
the maximum occupancy
at 9:38 last night.
But Freddie
wasn't here that late.I know.
Well, why dwell
in the past?
I think we should all focus
on this car commercial.
Yah, cool landship.[quietly]:
Oh, my God.
Yeah, somebody changed
the maximum number of rooms
from four to...
sixty-nine.
Hetty made me do it.
You spineless coward!
Dammit, Trevor.Yeah, Trev-dog,
you had to know
that this would
lead back to you.
It is the best joke.
I will not apologize.
Hetty, why would you do this?
You refused to take action.
I had to create a situation
that would force your hand.
Freddie was
on a downward spiral
and he was gonna
take you with him.
If anything,
you should be thanking me.
"Freddie" also made
a reservation for
Mr. and Mrs. Seymour Butts.
[laughing]
Oh, come on.
That's objectively funny.
Hey, roomie.Pete, I'm really not
in the mood right now.
Oh.
I'm sorry, is it 1971
and are you Carol on our
wedding night? [chuckles]
Oh, in retrospect,
the signs were there.
What do you want?
Uh, I wanted to tell you
that Jay and Sam are gonna
try to hire Freddie back.
It doesn't matter.
I already blew it
with Jessica.
I got super jealous
and she got really mad.
Hmm, I see.
You want some advice?
From you?
About women?
I-I mean, sure.
You know how you can tell 100%
if someone's cheating on you?
You can't.
That's the thing
about relationships.
You know?
You... you have to trust.
Now, in my case,
the trust wasn't warranted,
but the alternative is
to let paranoia take over
and ruin what could be
a good thing.
That actually makes
a lot of sense.
Thanks, Pete.
Anytime, roomie.
Hey, did your wife
really not want to have sex
on your wedding night?
It was a long day.
We had cake.Okay.
It was hot out.We don't have to
talk about it.
We had cake!
Samantha,
may I have a moment?
No, I don't want
to talk to you.
You sabotaged my business,
all to get me
to yell at that poor kid
who did nothing wrong.
I was trying to impart
what I believed to be wisdom.
We just had to beg
Freddie to come back.
This place was jammed
with angry jam-jam fans.
The-the point is,
you went way too far.
Hetty, what were you thinking?
I was not the best mother.
I delegated the care and raising
of my children to others.
And I missed out on being
a part of their lives.
And then, after my death,
I had to watch my children
become adults in this house.
Unable to help them.
To give advice...
to guide them.
Mother, what do you think
I should do?
Should I marry this girl?
Is she the one?
No, she is
a money-grubbing harlot.
Her family is landless
and striving.
Just give me a sign.
Any sign.On it.
[groans][electricity buzzes]
Whoa.
Okay, I will marry her.
[chuckles softly]
No!
Thomas!
What the hell, Thorfinn?
I was doing sign for "no."
But can see where...
confusing.
D'you think?
I have watched
generations of Woodstones
make mistakes in this house.
But then, after 100 years,
a miracle happened.
You fell down those stairs,
and I was given a second chance.
To be heard.
You know, my mom used
to point out my mistakes.
A lot.
We would get
into these huge fights
and I would do the opposite
of what she said.
And because of that I...
I probably missed out
on some good advice.
Well, maybe this is
a second chance for both of us.
That's a nice way
to think of it.
So, you'll agree to always
listen to me from now on?
Only if you agree to let me
make my own mistakes
when I disagree, because
sometimes they're not mistakes
and I know
what I'm talking about.
In retrospect,
I can see that you were
slightly more in tune with
the fragile constitution
of the modern worker.Thank you.
But also,
for what it's worth,
you seemed to be quite at home
disciplining that young man.
I mean, you really
laid into him.
It felt so good.
[chuckles]
There are those
Woodstone genes.
You know, I actually
wanted to strangle him.
Ooh...
That's probably
frowned upon these days.
Huh.
And they call that progress.
Hey, you got a sec?
Well, I was gonna walk
to the other side of the car,
but I guess
I can do that later.
Look, I'm sorry.
I know I'm 500 years old,
but I'm, ironically,
kind of new to all
this dating stuff.
If you think mentioning
that you're super old
is feeding into my daddy
issues right now, then...
you're right.
It is. I like it.
It's super hot.
The thing is,
I got jealous.
But that's my problem.
Not yours.
Okay, well,
for what it's worth,
I'm not hooking up
with other ghosts.
Really? I mean,
thank you for saying that.
I... I trust you.
Aw...
Come here,
you big cutie.
Cool.
What did Beth think
of the collage?
Oh, I don't know,
I haven't heard back yet.
Oh, you will.
But a collage well done
is its own reward.
Anyway, we're just glad
to have you back.Yeah.
Oh, I'm glad to be back.
It is crazy, though.
I mean, I checked
the security footage
and no one even approached
the laptop at 9:38.
So weird, right?
That's spooky.
[chuckles softly]
It is spooky.
♪ ♪
Huh.
That's odd.
The keys are
clicking themselves.
Yeah, he's gonna have
questions about that.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org